POI-Tourist guide
Information
The council square 
        “The council square is located in the historic center of Brașov. It obtained its rights to hold markets in 1520, but it has been the place for weekly and annual markets since 1364, being visited by merchants from the country and abroad. It is surrounded by 18th-19th century houses, most of which are historical monuments.”
Black Church
        The Black Church is a church in Brașov, which is located in south-eastern Transylvania. It was built by the German community and it represents the main gothic monument in the country, as well as the largest and one of the most important Lutheran places of worships in the region.
Valea Cetății Cave
        Valea Cetății Cave is situated at around 3 km away from the city called Râșnov, at 825 meters altitude. The cave was discovered 60 years ago as a result of an hydraulic explosion. The main gallery is 958 meters in length.
Râșnov Citadel
        Râșnov Citadel is a historic monument and landmark situated in Râșnov, Brașov County. The fortress was built as part of a defence system for the Transylvanian villages. A decisive aspect for building the fortress at its location was the in the route of the invading armies which were coming from the Bran pass.
        Archaeological research revealed the existence of fortification traces on the fortress hill since prehistoric and Dacian times. The fortress is considered to be build between 1211 and 1225.
Libearty Bear Sanctuary Zărnești
        In 1998 a Romanian woman, Cristina Lapis, saw 3 bears in a small cage used to attract customers in front of a restaurant. Later on she found more bears used in similar conditions in other areas of the country.
        With over 70 bears and 70 hectares of oak and hazel forest, the sanctuary is located in the Carpathian Mountains above the Transylvanian town of Zărnești.
Bran Castle
        The Bran Castle is situated near Bran, and it is a national monument and landmark in Romania. The castle is situated on the border between Transylvania and Wallachia.
        Commonly known as “Dracula’s Castle”, it is often erroneously referred to as the home of the title character in Bram Stoker’s Dracula. There is no evidence that Stoker knew anything about this castle, which has only tangential associations with Vlad the Impaler, voievod of Wallachia, the inspiration for Dracula.
        The castle is now a museum dedicated to displaying art and furniture collected by Queen Marie.
Curtea de Argeș Monastery
        Curtea de Argeș Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox cathedral in Curtea de Argeș. It is dedicated to “Dormition of the Mother of God”. The cathedral is faced with pale grey limestone, which was easily chiselled then hardened on exposure. The interior is made out of brick, plastered and decorated with frescoes. 
        The building was built in the Byzantine architectural style and sits upon a raised platform (2.1 meters).
Lake Vidraru
        Lake Vidraru is an artificial lake which was created in 1965 by the construction of the Vidraru Dam on the Argeș River.
        It lies in the shadow of the Făgăraș Mountains, with a village being submerged at the bottom of the lake. Vidraru Lake is a reservoir lake with a length of 10.3 km, a width of 2.2 km and a maximum depth of 155 metres.
Transfăgărășan Highway
        The Transfăgărășan Highway is a paved mountain road crossing the southern section of the Carpathian Mountains of Romania. It is the second-highest paved road in the country after the Transalpina.  It stretches for around 90 kilometers, between the highest peaks in the country.
        The highway was constructed between 1970 and 1974 as a response to the 1968 invasion of Czechoslovakia by the Soviet Union. It was meant to ensure quick military access across the mountains in case of a Soviet invasion.
Densuș Church
        The Densuș Church it is situated in the village of Densuș, Hunedoara County and it is one of the oldest Romanian churches still standing.
        It was built in the 7th century with additions made in the 13th century on the site of a 2nd-century Roman temple, with some materials from the Dacian Sarmizegetusa fortress. It has a stone tower above the naos. Inside the church there are 15th century mural paintings that show Jesus wearing Romanian traditional clothes.
Corvin Castle
        Corvin Castle, also known as Hunyadi Castle or Hunedoara Castle, is a Gothic-Renaissance castle in Hunedoara, Romania. It is one of the largest castles in Europe and figures in a list of the seven wonders of Romania.
        Corvin Castle was laid out in 1446, when construction began on the orders of John Hunyadi (Iancu or Ioan de Hunedoara) who wanted to transform the former keep built by Charles I of Hungary. The castle was originally given to John Hunyadi's father, Voyk, by Sigismund, king of Hungary, as severance in 1409.
Red Lake
        Red Lake is a natural dam lake formed following the collapse of a slope due to the earthquake of January 23, 1838, at the foot of Hășmașul Mare Mountain, near the Bicaz Gorge, at a distance of 26 km from Gheorgheni, in Harghita County. At the last measurements, made in 1987, its dimensions are: a perimeter of 2,830 m, the area is 114.676 m² and the volume of water that accumulates is 587.503 m³. The lake was formed at an altitude of 983 m.
Merry Cemetery
        The Merry Cemetery is a cemetery in the village of Săpânța, Maramureş county. It is famous for its colourful tombstones with paintings describing, in an original and poetic manner, the people who are buried there as well as scenes from their lives.
Sibiu Historic Center
        It was founded on the site of an older settlement, probably Slavonic, after the middle of the twelfth century by Saxon colonists from the Rhine-Moselle territory. The first mention of the city is made ​​in 1191 under the name Cibinium (only Upper Town) in an ecclesiastical document from the Vatican. But there are mentions of the name Villa Cibiniensi (1292 - Lower Town) and Villa Hermani in 1223, sub-city border belonging to Cibinium. 
        In 1241 it was attacked, captured and partly destroyed by the Mongol hordes.
Peleș Castle
        Peleș Castle is a Neo-Renaissance castle in the Carpathian Mountains, near Sinaia, in Prahova County, on an existing medieval route linking Transylvania and Wallachia, built between 1873 and 1914. Its inauguration was held in 1883. It was constructed for King Carol I.
        The complex is northwest of the town of Sinaia, which is 48 kilometres from Braşov. In the southeastern Carpathian Mountains, the complex is composed of three monuments: Peleș Castle, Pelișor Castle, and the Foișor Hunting Lodge.
Endless Column
        The Endless Column symbolizes the concept of infinity and the infinite sacrifice of the Romanian soldiers. It is considered by Sydnei Geist the top point of the modern art. The Endless Column stacks 17 rhomboidal modules, with a half-unit at the top. The incomplete top unit is thought to be the element that expresses the concept of the infinite. Brâncuși had experimented with this form as early as 1918, with an oak version now found in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
Sarmizegetusa Regia
        Sarmizegetusa Regia, was the capital and the most important military, religious and political centre of the Dacians prior to the wars with the Roman Empire. Built on top of a 1200 m high mountain, the fortress, comprising six citadels, was the core of a strategic defensive system in the Orăştie Mountains.
Voroneț Monastery
        The Voroneț Monastery is a medieval monastery in the village of Voroneț, now a part of the town Gura Humorului. It is one of the famous painted monasteries from southern Bukovina, in Suceava County. 
The monastery was constructed by Stephen the Great in 1488 over a period of 3 months and 3 weeks to commemorate the victory at Battle of Vaslui. Often known as the "Sistine Chapel of the East", the frescoes at Voroneț feature an intense shade of blue known in Romania as "Voroneț blue."
Nation’s Heroes Mausoleum - Mărășești
        The Mausoleum of Mărășești is a memorial site in Romania containing remains of 5,073 Romanian soldiers and officers killed in the First World War and dedicated to the commemoration of the Battle of Mărășești and Romanian Army members who were killed during World War I.
        The memorial took 15 years to build and was unveiled on 18 September 1938 by King Carol II.
        The Battle of Mărășești, (August 6 to September 8, 1917) was a battle fought during World War I between Germany and Romania.
Danube Delta
        The Danube Delta is the second largest river delta in Europe, after the Volga Delta, and is the best preserved on the continent. The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania (Tulcea County). Its approximate surface area is 4,152 km2, of which 3,446 km2  is in Romania. 
        Following an almost two-decade (1951–1970) research of the Danube Delta territory, 274 bird species were identified.
Constanța Casino
        The Constanța Casino is a casino located in Constanța. It has been designated by the Romanian Ministry of Culture and National Patrimony as a historic monument. The casino is situated along the Black Sea in the historic district of the city. The casino was built three separate times, with the first structure being erected of wood in 1880. It was designed to be a club and community center for elite and upper-class socialites willing to spend. 
The most modern version of the Casino was in operation for 38 years, with interruption due to the two world wars, attacked and bombed by Bulgarian and German troops in World War 1, ravaged in World War 2 and, at one point, acted as a makeshift wartime hospital. 
The last major repairs took place in 1986-1988, and the building is currently abandoned.   
Palace of the Deposits and Consignments
        Palace of the Deposits and Consignments or the CEC Palace was built in 1900 and situated on Calea Victoriei opposite the National Museum of Romanian History, is the headquarter of CEC Bank.
Before the construction of the palace, the location was occupied by the ruins of the monastery Saint John the Great and an adjoining inn. The 16th-century church was renovated by Constantin Brâncoveanu during 1702 - 1703, but later deteriorated and was demolished in 1875.
Palace of the Parliament
        The Palace of the Parliament is the seat of the Parliament of Romania. Located on Dealul Arsenalului in the national capital city of central Bucharest, it is the second largest administrative building in the world after The Pentagon. The Palace has a height of 84 metres , an area of 365,000 square metres and a volume of 2,550,000 cubic metres. In terms of weight, the Palace of the Parliament is also the heaviest building in the world, weighing in at around 4,098,500,000 kilograms.
        A colossal building, designed and supervised by chief architect Anca Petrescu (1949–2013), with a team of approximately 700 architects, constructed over a period of 13 years (1984–97). After the Romanian Revolution in December 1989 it became widely known as The People's House. Due to its impressive endowments, events organized by state institutions and international bodies such as conferences, symposia, and others take place there, but even so about 70% of the building almost four decades later still remains empty.
Cotroceni National Museum
        Cotroceni National Museum, also known as the Cotroceni Palace is the official residence of the President of Romania. It is located in Bucharest and the palace also houses the National Cotroceni Museum.
        In 1679, a monastery was built by Şerban Cantacuzino on Cotroceni Hill in the first year of his rule on the place of an old wooden hermitage.
        Cotroceni Hill was also the place of residence of many of Romania's rulers for a time until 1883, when King Carol I of Romania received the residences and ordered them demolished with plans to build a much larger edifice in their stead which would serve to house the future heirs to his throne.
Construction of this new royal palace was commissioned to begin in the year 1893, the project being placed under the direction of French architect Paul Gottereau.
The Grigore Antipa National Museum of Natural History
        The Grigore Antipa National Museum of Natural History is a Natural History museum, located in Bucharest. It was originally established as the National Museum of Natural History on 3 November 1834. It was renamed in 1933 after Grigore Antipa, who administered the museum for 51 years.
Victoria Palace
        Victory Palace is a government building on the very large Victory Square (Piaţa Victoriei) in Bucharest, housing the Prime Minister of Romania and his cabinet.
The Victory Palace was designed in 1937 to house the Foreign Ministry, and nearly complete in 1944.The Victory Palace is a stylised monumental classical design, with an arcaded ground level, a long colonnade of slim piers on the main front, and two recessed top floors. 
The building suffered heavy damage in the 1944 Bombing of Bucharest in World War II.
The Arch of Triumph
        The Arch of Triumph is a triumphal arch located in the northern part of Bucharest, on the Kiseleff Road.
The first, wooden, triumphal arch was built hurriedly, after Romania gained its independence (1878), so that the victorious troops could march under it. Another arch with concrete skeleton and plaster exterior of elaborate sculptures and decoration. 
The arch has a height of 27 metres. It has as its foundation a 25 x 11.50 metres rectangle. The sculptures with which the facades are decorated were created by famous Romanian sculptors such as Ion Jalea and Dimitrie Paciurea.


King Michael I Park
        Herăstrău Park or King Michael I Park is a large park on the northern side of Bucharest, around Lake Herăstrău, one of the lakes formed by the Colentina River.
Romanian Athenaeum
        The Romanian Athenaeum is a concert hall in the center of Bucharest, and a landmark of the Romanian capital city. Opened in 1888, the ornate, domed, circular building is the city's main concert hall and home of the "George Enescu" Philharmonic and of the George Enescu annual international music festival.
National Bank of Romania
        The National Bank of Romania is the central bank of Romania and was established in April 1880. Its headquarters are located in the capital city of Bucharest.
The National Bank of Romania is responsible for the issue of the Romanian leu and as such it sets the monetary policy, holds the currency reserves and manages the exchange rate.


Links:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page
http://wikimapia.org/#lang=ro&lat=46.916700&lon=26.916700&z=12&m=w
http://bearsanctuary.com/libearty-bear-sanctuary